hello survival lists today will do
a review of the victorinox model pocketknife
camper which is a well - known model
from its versatility with the
tools that it presents and has
revealed a great is pocketknife for you
charge in your daily kit and also to
your camping
Let's start with the box here.
victorinox box right most of the
selling breeches let cease to display
highlight is the champion a point 3613 that
Model ID that here one
small drawing of how good it is to open
the box but we have here
besides the pocketknife we ​​have a small
manual zinc show first
we are two manuals the first is a
manual that explains about the
warranty is it also describes the
33 functions of the pocket knife that somehow
serve as a basis for your
model you are using has're
some simple instructions about
how to change the battery if your pocketknife
have lamp etc that is not the case
and several illustrative drawings of
how to use each of the tools
that it has on its instinct, ie it is not
very useful for us at the moment
here we have another little manual which
explains how to do maintenance
proper left just get the focus here is
how to properly maintain the
mink pocket knife case is like
you put oil and other
aspects also teach here with you
use the various time can opener
languages
good, let's go to the good stuff
first talking a little about
the dimensions public victorinox camper
he has nine centimeters
length and two centimeters're
thickness or thickness of the
his most interesting knife is the fact
that he only asks 74,898 little then
you hardly feel it by pressing
pocket or inside any type of
sport that you use in your day to
day
OK
the tools he uses are all
described here in this list.
that we are part of a
the first is the very large blade
present in several models Video
victorinox if not all
I must also remember that all
victorinox equipment comes
extremely sharp then for you
handle them without taking care not to
ending up doing good is this first
blade that for the most varied ne
very tough is her son is
It's very good and it takes too long to lose
It's also there, then we have a
small blade that is initially them
teach as an example is for example
for you to point pencils and things
gender but at the end of the day it has
a job for more
elaborated also requiring greater
level of detail
we also have the classic corkscrew
unique in all models of the
victorinox who is this one with exception
of some special models
good is we also have the wooden saw
which is very effective
I was surprised by the effectiveness of this
product is a saw enough enough
sharp is she works very well in
wood
logical that you have to respect is the
size of a steering goes
cut a tree trunk with a scene
more severe up to five centimeters
the day up to 10 centimeters in diameter
Can you do it a lot?
very clean fast
we also have as additional small
here is the toothpick that stays
stored in the
you have to withdraw, it may seem
silly plus a toothpick is one thing
interesting to have in a
camping trip
we also have the tweezers
other side
the tweezers I think is very useful
mainly to take any type
of freitas that enter your hand there
small objects this will be
difficult for you to take another way
huh
we also have the can opener
It's very effective. It promises to
simple function is great the quality is
very large
remembering that here on the tip he has
A small screwdriver lets me see
I can focus on the camera
good little small tip here
Okay, and we have the
bottles being that also has a slit
can also be very useful.
along with the seller of bottles we
we have here is easier a trigger
of yarn that this little tour here
that it has a small spinning and that
it eases at the time you have a capon
and we also have a function and this
rock face very useful
Good, and we have something here too.
I forgot to put it here on the list
the little ring here for you to hang on
any other accessory you have
if you want to learn to draw where
Netão is enough and facilitates the
transport of the penknife but in summary is
a pretty pocketknife is not a pocketknife that
You can walk with it in your pocket when
you're in town is when
going to the field is a pocketknife that he
has very useful tools in both
sceneries is it javi reviews on
International where people say that
he has invested more than 20 years he
continues to operate, which is
victorinox quality feature
It's scans in specific
remembering that I bought in Sao Paulo
he paid me around 90 and his friend
were 97 reais
It's the time when I'm doing this.
video I do not know how
this value can switch depending on
when you watch it was okay but
so it's a great penknife for who is
starting think if you are looking
of his first brand setback and a
Army knife that does not call attention to
negative shape when you are
walking down the street when you step on a
bank and leave it there in the doorway
to pass on the metal detector is a
Great universe for you have good for
to camp also the knife that will supply
your needs
You will not be disappointed, will you?
with a victorinox pocketknife
you'll probably want to finish
buying other models also in the
It's a great penknife trying to entrance a
relatively low value for quality
What are you going to achieve?
obviously if you can buy by
outside or directly by the states
united for you will pay much more
cheap but who does not have this
possibility is victor north ends
finding many places there
mainly in the capitals
there are shops in the mall that sell
Victorinox in the then is an easy mark
access to everyone is in comparison to
Obviously mind head and forget
along with there is the victorinox klimber
which is another pocket knife also of
well- known entry from victorinox to
difference is that he takes the
Wood places the scissors and also
adds a hook so that're
differentiation between these two
models that are very similar in
their functions
No, I'll stay here, I hope.
Did you like this review?
any doubt can leave the
comments below if possible
I like it here in the video or not
I like showing you your opinion on
the quality of this and are always
integrated any doubt we are here
available until